joyful it is to see the Buddha's teachings, the birth of Tran Nhan Tong in the mortal world, teaching the people to love their country. How
joyful it is to see
Tran Nhan Tong's dream of a lotus flower, the people's
dreams brighten. Our country follows in the footsteps of the Buddha, we are
happy to see the ancient saint. Tran Nhan Tong's birth in the mortal world, the people's dreams brighten. The
people's dreams are filled with joy. The teacher, the saint, the
birth of Tran Nhan Tong, the
people's dreams brighten. The ...
The people are happy, the ancient price of Tran Nhan Tong,
Giang The, the
whole school of music, happy,
happy, the ancient price of Tran Nhan Tong, Giang
The, the people are happy, the whole school of music, happy, happy
[music]
tea [
music]
contemporary music, please give
me your opinion, it's too much
[music]
ye